Add Cloud SIEM and Cloud SOAR role capabilities (#2908)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities.md

---

Following are the capabilities you can assign when you [create roles](create-manage-roles.md).

## Data Management

| Capability | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| View Collectors	| View collectors and sources that have already been installed or added.| 

> | Manage Collectors	| [View and manage](/docs/send-data) installed and hosted collectors, as well a sources. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Manage Collectors	| [View and manage](/docs/send-data) installed and hosted collectors as well as sources. | 
```

> | Manage Ingest Budgets	| Manage [ingest budgets](/docs/manage/ingestion-volume/ingest-budgets). Enabling this will automatically enable the Manage Collectors capability. The Manage Collectors capability on its own permits the re-assignment of budgets to different collectors, but not creating or deleting them.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Manage Ingest Budgets	| Allows you to manage [ingest budgets](/docs/manage/ingestion-volume/ingest-budgets). Enabling this will automatically enable the Manage Collectors capability. The Manage Collectors capability on its own permits the re-assignment of budgets to different collectors, but not creating or deleting them.| 
```

| Manage Data Volume Feed	| Enable and manage the [data volume index](/docs/manage/ingestion-volume/data-volume-index) for your account to avoid using [On-Demand Capacity](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/cloud-flex-accounts#account-limitations-and-guidelines), and to determine when you need to upgrade your account.| 

> | View Field Extraction Rules	| View [field extraction rules](/docs/manage/field-extractions/create-field-extraction-rule), which speed the search process by automatically parsing fields as log messages are ingested.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| View Field Extraction Rules	| View [field extraction rules](/docs/manage/field-extractions/create-field-extraction-rule), which accelerate your search process by automatically parsing fields as log messages are ingested.| 
```

| Share dashboards with the world	| [Share dashboards](/docs/dashboards-classic/share-dashboard-outside-org) in view-only mode with no login required. Anyone with the URL can view the dashboard without logging in.| 

## User Management

| Capability | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| Manage users and roles	| Access the web app pages to manage [users](/docs/manage/users-roles/users) and [roles](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles).| 

## Alerting

Folder-level permissions are available if your org has fine-grained Monitor permissions enabled. If you'd like to use this feature, contact Sumo Logic Support to have it enabled.

| Capability | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| View Monitors	| If [Monitors folder permissions](/docs/alerts/monitors/edit-settings#monitors-folder-permissions) are enabled for your org, users with this capability can view folders on the [Monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors) page to which they've been granted View access, and the Monitors contained in those folders.| 

> | Manage Monitors	| A user with this capability can create new folders and [Monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors), and grant other roles permissions to the folders they create. If [Monitors folder permissions](/docs/alerts/monitors/edit-settings#monitors-folder-permissions) are enabled for your org, users with this capability can also create, edit, delete, update and grant permissions to folders to which another user has granted them those permissions.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Manage Monitors	| Users with this capability can create new folders and [Monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors), and grant other roles permissions to the folders they create. If [Monitors folder permissions](/docs/alerts/monitors/edit-settings#monitors-folder-permissions) is enabled for your org, users with this capability can also create, edit, delete, update and grant permissions to folders to which another user has granted them those permissions.| 
```

| View Muting Schedules	| Required for viewing the [Muting Schedules](/docs/alerts/monitors/muting-schedules) page and schedule definitions.| 
| Manage Muting Schedules	| Required for creating, editing, and deleting Muting Schedules.| 

## Reliability Management

| Capability | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| View SLOs | View [Service Level Objectives (SLOs)](/docs/observability/reliability-management-slo/create-slo/). |
| Manage SLOs | Create, edit, and delete SLOs.|

## Organizations

| Capability | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| View Organizations	| View the [Organizations](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/create-manage-orgs) UI.| 
| Create Organizations	| Create and provision child organizations.| 
| Change Credits Allocation	| Change the credits allocation for a child organization.| 
| Create Trial Organizations	| Create trial organizations. (For Sumo Logic Service Providers only.)| 
| Upgrade Trial Organizations	| Upgrade trial organizations. (For Sumo Logic Service Providers only.)| 
| Deactivate Organizations	| Deactivate trial organizations. (For Sumo Logic Service Providers only.)| 

## Cloud SOAR

> [Cloud SOAR](/docs/cloud-soar/) capabilities only appear in the Roles UI if Cloud SOAR has been enabled for your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cloud SOAR](/docs/cloud-soar/) capabilities appear in the Roles UI only if Cloud SOAR has been enabled for your account.
```

| App Central | Export | Export from App Central. |  
| Integrations | Access | Access [Integrations](/docs/cloud-soar/automation#integrations). |  
| Integrations | Configure | Configure Integrations. |  
| Automation Playbooks | Access | Access [playbooks](/docs/cloud-soar/automation#playbook).  |  
| Automation Playbooks | Configure | Configure playbooks. |  
| Bridge Monitoring | Access | Access [Bridge monitoring](/docs/cloud-soar/global-functions-menu/#audit-and-information). | 
| Observability | Access | Access [Incidents](/docs/cloud-soar/incidents-triage/).  |   
| Observability | Configure | Configure Incidents. |   

## Cloud SIEM Enterprise

[Cloud SIEM Enterprise](/docs/cse/) capabilities only appear in the Roles UI if Cloud SIEM has been [enabled](/docs/cse/get-started-with-cloud-siem/onboarding-checklist-cse/#provision-cloud-siem) for your account. For more information about how to assign Cloud SIEM capabilities, see [Cloud SIEM User Accounts and Roles](/docs/cse/administration/cse-user-accounts-and-roles/).

| Capability category | Capability | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | View Cloud SIEM Enterprise | | Users with a role that grants this capability will see a **Cloud SIEM Enterprise** link in the left-nav bar of the Sumo Logic UI. When a user clicks on the link, the Cloud SIEM [Heads-Up Display (HUD)](/docs/cse/get-started-with-cloud-siem/cse-heads-up-display/) will open. |

Reviewer: The middle column is blank - just double-checking if that's intentional

Author: Yes, @kimsauce, that's intentional. That makes it match the UI.
